the Daniel Sancho case is a case that
is practically finished we are
talking about that Daniel is already convicted he
is serving a prison sentence yes it is true
that he is with the issue of the appeal that
well that issue is not clarified at the moment
but little more he has to do in the end it
is a crime that is very flagrant and it
is more than evident that he has committed even
so the subject today continues to be
talked about by the spinoffs that are around
in recent days a
very big controversy has broken out whose tension has been
palpable in the environment for
quite some time and it is a new emist
between Juan Gospin the lawyer who
represents the interests of
Ewin Arrieta's family and the journalist Joaquín
Campos who usually collaborates here of
which here you have the book I will be
putting it in the pinned comment of this
video and that you already know that he has
accompanied us in many videos and
live shows in fact not only Joaquín
Campos has released a book on the subject
but also you saw last week
that we were at the presentation of
Trium's book By the way I recommend that you
watch that video because it was a  a
very nice reunion with you all
and we had a very good afternoon. Also,
recently we did a live show with Félix
Río, the criminologist who was also
publishing his book La Movida. All of
this is proof that
this case obviously still interests people and
continues to generate a lot of talk. To be honest, it
really catches my attention
because on this channel we cover a lot of
cases from other countries, like
Mexico. There are cases from Mexico that we cover
and they might get a lot of views,
but they last three or
four days and the next day people are
talking about something else and that case is no longer being
covered a year and a half later. The thing is that
the case of Daniel Sancho has a
lot of ingredients. It's also
true that maybe in other countries
events happen more
frequently with a lot of history behind them,
so it's like several come out
every month. However,
here in Spain, it's less common to
have a story as
bizarre as this one. I'll also tell you that
the case of Daniel Sancho had a lot of
ingredients to be a media hit, among
them that the protagonist, the murderer, is
Sancho's grandson, Gracia, one of the
actors.  most famous in the history of
Spain, I mean, it's Curro
Jiménez himself and also the whole plot of
this happening in Thailand, that
the body is dismembered, well, there are too
many stories for
so many books to have come out What's up my
kids, welcome one more day to the
Channel I'm Javi Oliveira if you didn't
know me and you've come across this video by
chance or by accident, I invite you to
subscribe Well, in fact, it's very
important that you subscribe if you're
interested in all these cases and that I
tell you about all the news that there is You already
know that on this channel, apart from
video, we have live programs Even
a documentary that I made about this
specific case, which by the way already has more
than a million views and apart from the
gossip and internet gossip Well, here
we comment on all the things that are
viral and current So I've
said it, okay, if you want to find out about everything
that happens, subscribe, it's
completely free and well, in this
specific video, I'm going to tell you a
little bit, surely in the next few days I'll
also do a live show expanding on the
information about two little things that are
on the table at the moment
the controversy between Joaquín Campo and Juan
Goos Espina over the supposed money that
Edwin Arrieta had in Spain or not and two
the alleged false witness who claims he was
paid by Rodolfo Sancho to
invent a story with egn Arrieta a
story that he also told on several
television programs For example they
are soles if I'm not mistaken the issue of
Joaquín Campos has some gaps in
some parts it is true that I
see sense in some things he says
but in others they do not add up for example in
the issue of amounts I think that
Joaquín Campo has not been right on some occasion
recently we were reading an
article in the magazine lectura where
Juango also had to deny
information because Joaquín had
stated that Juango Pinas had spent
about 600,000 euros out of his own pocket I don't know I
remember that he said an amount of money
that was an outrage when in reality
Juan gos Pina well what he has put in of
his own money apparently is  the trips there is not
a reality that seems
undeniable ewin Arrieta had
thoughts of settling in Spain
soon even of making a life here and
opening businesses. Here there were also
people in Colombia who claimed to
know money that egn had taken
to Spain. I had heard it but
I didn't know him. He spoke of several
partners and his partner was Daniel. There were several
but I don't know if it was only Daniel. I
hear about one Daniel but I don't know if it was
only Daniel. He never met him, he never
came here nor no, he never said yes at the
time that he had given him money to
open a
restaurant. Yes in Madrid they were some
boogi hamburger joints, yes and he doesn't know
how much money he ended up giving him. He spoke of
50,000 once and another time he gave
100,000 it's a lot of money. What Joaquín is
proposing and what he puts on the table
is that this money has to be
somewhere or materialized in a
bank account in Spain. Joquín even
talks about there being an account belonging to ewin
Arrieta, probably shared with more
people, maybe a partner at the
Santander bank or invested in
something but  that so much money that all that
money had to go somewhere
I thought there was something fishy in the
tank Because well because look
people have the right not to tell me
anything No but I'll explain one thing to you this
This is very easy look when someone
dies but we don't talk about Edwin
Arrieta any of our relatives I don't
say the first thing you do but it's not the
last is find out if there was money no
Hey look we're three cousins ​​Ah there was a
plot of land I don't know where Ah how good Well
let's sell it it can't be done How good It's
irrigated everyone talks about the
same thing it doesn't make any sense that it was never
said What happened with the accounts
If there were any eh Edwin's in Spain or
in Chile or in Colombia it's that in general
wherever it was or in Andorra okay you
understand no So for me it has always
been something that why it has been taboo
Why I don't understand but if it is
something normal we have to talk Hey gentlemen
this gentleman lost 600,000 it was stolen from him
because it is a crime and the prosecutor's office intervenes
ex officio because it is a scam and the
Why to
this day has the family and
legal representation not bothered to locate if
this exists And where it is by the way
very subtly insinuating that they
probably are not interested in that
money Because behind that money there may
be something that is not entirely clean yes
but if you are going to find a million
euros Or 600,000 yes no if you stir it
noaro It is obvious no I mean let's see Do
you know any person you
know any person who has not
asked about the inheritance of someone who
has died that would be theirs on
planet earth I'm talking about 10,000 or an
irrigated plot of land in Ecija you
understand Or so it is like that I mean
what surprises me about all this
that we talked about the other day and I
want to emphasize is that 14 almost 14 months
later this issue has not been discussed
enough when for me it is the key the
motive of the case or rather Daniel Sancho did not
kill him because he was going to Spain or because he
was jealous or because I know as he did not
want to be homosexual he was  with him and he
felt bad and he had hate and that he
stabbed him, stuck the knife in him and such I think it's
fine that it had to do with that
but wow, there is a motive there is a
preparation for something and unfortunately
as we all know you see in a
capitalist world that in some cases is
extreme and here there is something that we do not know
but this man said that there is
money and I am not going to return it is money
life and that's it Joaquín on several
occasions did his calculations and basically
between what was said that he had
brought to Spain for some business what he
could have invested there what he
could have invested here Joaquín says that we
could be talking about a
sum that would be greater than 1 million
euros that does not mean that this
money is literally in a
bank account but at least
according to his calculations it could be what
Daniel would have moved here in Spain the
issue is two I have never said that
the million 350,000 is in the Santander bank
I said that Edwin Arrieta last
year in one way or another had moved
that amount of money to Spain
so now  It was previously said that
I would say that there were some
investors in Colombia who had
contributed part of all this to that restaurant.
The account at the Sant
Andrés bank is official, eh, but since I don't
trust anyone, now they
are surely investigating it at the last minute,
green sleeves. eh, I even had to call
Darl. It's such a thing now that what's going to happen
is that nothing's going to happen because I don't
have access to that account, so they
could say yes, there is an account but there are
practically no transactions.
Joaquín Campos' work is falling apart.
No, no, there is a lot of money that has
left Colombia and Chile to
reach Spain, okay, and mainly
from Colombia. I agree. In fact, Joaquín
thinks he is completely sure that
the motive for the crime, the
motive for which, well, the reason why the
murder of Daniel Sancho Awin
Arrieta took place, was surely motivated
by this. They
always emphasize that they have
really looked bad financially
because Edwin is the breadwinner of the family.
Joana, they only said this the first month and they
never said it again because you were the one who
talked about the money that
Edwin had sent to Spain with  the intention
of staying to live that there were several
people in that account and that money no no
the family does not ask for it to be rescued that there is
a part that is not Clara in the
part of sometimes it has complicated the
situation for me as you know Mr. Juan
Gonzalo stopped speaking to me it
is not a shame because I continue thinking
this disaster had to do with money in the
same way as the one in Segarra you have to
understand something the world moves by
money Wars are for money
conquests are for money eh robberies are
obviously for money and
murders most of the time are
for money yes it is true that although I think that
what
Joaquín Campo is saying makes some sense On the other
hand I also see moments in which There are
certain lapses in which it is not
clarified now for example in this click I am
going to put you below in just
10 seconds the version changes four
times Joaquín I know where the money is I don't
know where the money is they have told me
Where is the money I have no
proof I know where the money is what
happens is that I cannot
get involved Well I don't know where  I have
information that they have told me clearly
where is where it was invested but
since I don't have that proof yet then I
have to c but choose a version for me since
what is this and as I was saying
before, he points out and emphasizes a lot
for me, slipping and making certain
insinuations, the fact that the family and
Juan Gospa are not moving or it seems
that they are not moving to inform themselves
about this and find out if there is
money or there is not money and if there is, where
is in fact what Joaquín thinks or
at least what he has also slipped
is that there could be some type of
agreement between Daniel's defense and the
defense of Edwin's family, that is,
between Juango and Marc García Monte, to
distribute the money in some way, I already
say and This is going to hurt that there is a
beginning of rapprochement between Marcos
García Montes and Mr. Juan Gonzalo
ospina a very clear question, that is, this has
been about money, the money cannot
disappear, that is, from now on there are some
expenses, whether you think about it, There is
compensation that is going to  pay sooner or
later that will be 110,000 or 330,000
or will Daniel stay there all his life which is
not going to happen and you say that there has been
a rapprochement between the two lawyers
to try to solve without making a noise the
matter of the money that is in Spain that
Edwin sent not where it is d est where it is
because Well, I mean this is very
important I'm telling this I'm sure that
some emissary of theirs is
hearing it but of course what they have told me is
that it fits with what has happened let's
see eduina ritaa what was she going to do in
Spain set up a hospitality business that
was investing in a company I
already have the company eh And then she was going to
buy a house that was going to be an
office in Barcelona so nobody who is
going to do all that does it without money it's that
I really don't know why
people are surprised by all this of course and
also the m So where is the
money Well, I have more or less
told me how it is I'm waiting to
have more security and more things and see
what happens What are the next
moves but gosh García Montes Y
ospina  They know what happened, I'm not
going to know and they are not entirely clear,
no, in some way he put him in charge
of managing the money, if the
doctor disappears, who knows where
everything is and how to move it, is Daniel one of
the pieces of this machinery because if
not, why would you get rid of a
person who, in the end, by saying, look, I don't
love you, the money that he was
moving, his own and other people's, ran out to set up
various businesses and get into
shareholdings in Spanish companies, the
truth is that, no, I do not agree with
this, I do not think there is any type of
agreement between the lawyers to see how
the money is divided or what
distributions are made between Daniel and
Ewin's family, I mean, it does not make
any sense because we are talking about a
murderer, a murderer, or rather, and the
victim and the victim's family, if
Ewin's money belongs to Ewin, they do not have to
share it with anyone, this has
really pissed off Juan Gospa, Juan
Gospa who has been seen very upset on the
Trium Channel, even stating that
any statement of this calibre is
a complete insult to
intelligence.  that Joaquín
Campos published about you and Ospina, you, you,
Ospina, and Montes, there was some kind
of agreement, eh, to sort of shut you up, no,
something like an agreement to benefit from
some money that had appeared, and something like that,
Joaquín Campos comes to tell us
how to reach an agreement under the
table, you and, and the part of the accusation would not
interest me, answering that, well, that is
absolutely and radically false, eh, the
last conversation that I had with
Marcos García Montes, eh, was a hello and
goodbye a few days ago in a legal forum,
eh, that was organized by a media outlet,
and before that, eh,
well, I don't know with him personally, it's just that
I'm racking my brains and I don't know when
the last time was with him because the
day we went in to analyze the
sentence, we didn't speak, we spoke
publicly as the entire audience saw us,
but a
WhatsApp and phone conversation, I really don't
remember, from a long, long, long
time ago, no, if not years, I know that we spoke about
a legal matter in another procedure,
months before starting the case,
therefore, that is a lie, that is false, that is, that is,
I believe that  It attacks
people's intelligence. It's normal
that the family is being offended by
these types of insinuations because of course
what I think Joaquin is
insinuating with this is that there must
be a shady motive for why the
family isn't looking for that money, which
in the end is his brother's money, which
would be money now for the family
and surely significant amounts.
Edwin Darlin's sister surprised on
Trium's live show the other night saying
that she was very upset because these
types of insinuations already came out at the
beginning and that her brother didn't
need to be shady at all because he already
earned very well as a surgeon. First of all,
to us. Never, thank God.
Nobody has threatened us or
coerced us into saying or not saying
anything. Second, my brother never had ties
or friends with drug dealers or mobsters or anything like that.
What my brother had and
that's why my brother traveled, he earned it
with the sweat of his brow. I don't know if
suddenly in Spain, eh,
plastic surgeons, well, eh, they do well, but here
in Colombia they do well in Colombia
a plastic surgeon My
brother wasn't just a
plastic surgeon, my brother was a
reconstructive plastic surgeon, he was also in
charge of the burn department,
reconstructing people who had had their
breasts amputated soon due to
breast cancer, skin cancer, that's what
my brother is in charge of. I mean, that has
always hurt me because even though I
'm not in the media, my husband and many
people very close to me
tell me what they're saying about
us, about me, about my family, and that
hurts, it hurts because they do it and they
talk about it with that certainty, I say, by
God, I mean, they don't fear God, in fact, what
darlin says, it's not a lie. Colombia
is the equivalent in plastic surgery
to what Turkey is for hair. Over here, you
know, there was a time when it
became fashionable, not that people travel to
Turkey to get hair. Well, in
Colombia, apparently, from what I was doing, I'm doing
a little research on the internet, if
anyone from Colombia sees me, please
correct me if I'm wrong, or people who
know the case, and it seems that
there are a lot of people who travel
exclusively to Colombia to have
surgeries, eh or  either cosmetic or out
of necessity But the thing is that
surgeons are doing quite well there are
surgeries that cost a lot of money
that are very well paid for by each one and
basically Edwin Arrieta was rich for
his part Juango has stated that now
that this is on the table they are going to start
looking into the money issue
and see if it is true that this
money exists or that it has existed somewhere
in Spain you were going to tell me Hey Juango and
what are you going to do to see if it is true
if the rumors are true that there was
money in Exactly I was going to ask you
right now I was going to say Hey and then You are
going to look for the money Okay well
Of course we are going to look for the money
we have requested in Colombia the adjudication
of inheritance to tell the
Spanish courts Listen These are the heirs
of a challenge with the power of
representation that that entails and you have to
go to the banking units where they
supposedly say that the money is
or not only Darlin but the power that
determines that they are Edwin's heirs
in order to go to the banks and
make a copy of every last one  Euro but
not bad Garcia Montes and Mr. Spina
have reached any agreement neither tacit
nor non-tacit to share
absolutely anything because if there is
something of Edwin's it belongs to Edwin and that money
is a crime too I tell you one thing eh
without insinuating absolutely any
because maybe it was an
oversight that they hadn't fallen for I don't know the
truth But it does seem a little not a
little strange to me that now they have realized to
start looking for what
Ewin had or didn't have in Spain we have
known from the beginning that Ewin
wanted to settle in Spain that Ewin
wanted to open businesses Yes it is true that it does
n't matter with the murder issue
But hey it wouldn't have hurt from
the beginning to take a look to see
what Ewin had around here not to
see what properties to see what money no
in the end it is Ewin's heritage that is now
the family's heritage it is being
said that there is money in Spain that
I have not appeared in the media again
because perhaps I already claimed that money I
have years of witnesses that I have not
claimed any money it is more  We don't
even have the certainty that
that money really exists until this
week we are processing the
powers that
my parents have to send to Juango to proceed to
find out if that is true if it is true
if it is not true yes but then it hurts
when they speak with certainty it is that they
no longer appear in the media because to give
in claim Nero I do not appear in the media
because I am not an actress I do not have to
be showing the
whole world How are my parents how am
I if I am suffering if I am not
suffering Yes that is something very private for
my family at the time if it is real that
the money exists or if not Juango will take
care of it if he considers it necessary to
say it and to clarify this issue
I went to Spain to raise my voice for my
brother so that he could know Spain and the
whole world who Edwin Miguel
Aretar te aga was Who is the
Retarte aga family that we are not
drug trafficking mobsters as they
began to say at the beginning then
we have the Nilson issue that it seems to me
that a rather curious melon is going to open
and that  It's going to make
things a little ugly for Rodolfo, I don't know
to what extent because I don't know to what
extent this could be pursued in Spain
considering that the guy was, I mean,
the guy is Venezuelan and he was being
paid in Venezuela, I mean, I understand that he
was being paid in Venezuela, no, and it
was all for a procedure that
was taking place in Thailand.
So I don't know what jurisdiction this would have
in Spain because Nilson says that
now it would be good, he says it's not
in fact being handled by this lawyer, who is
the same lawyer as Elisa Moua, and there was
a lawyer speaking in code 10 La
Movida and that Nilson now wants to file a
complaint in Spain and is commenting
that Rodolfo offered him and paid him to give
false testimony about Edwin Arrieta,
they prepare what you have to say in
that interview, yes, correct, I didn't have to
say that Edwin was a very
aggressive person who mistreated me, all of that is not
true, all of that is a lie, it was
prepared, it was scripted, yes, all of
that was, they told me it was
no problem because my face
was completely covered with the
distorted voice  ionada and all that stuff they paid you
for that interview yes the interview they
told me was to take it to
Thailand it was not an interview that was
going to be broadcast as I was a
protected witness my identity was not going to be known
nothing happened How strong is
this kid the Venezuelan witness who does not
stop in his accusations against Rodolfo Sancho
insists that both he and his
lawyers had already offered him to stay
in Spain and also puts the emphasis on
another message that he would have received they always
told me that if I gave my statement
his son would be released there are messages
in which they beg me to testify is
aware of the harm that he may have done
to the family of Edwin Arrieta and he
wanted to apologize for it And
then as he said that they wanted to ask he did
not want him to ask for forgiveness from the
Arrieta family or ask for forgiveness publicly no to
Edwin what did you feel at that
moment what he said that p Forgiveness to the
family Well at that moment then I
felt happy the first thing I did was
thank God And all these days I have
done nothing but thank God
because everything is in the hands of God And
Again I say that God also does
justice on earth,
my brother's name and memory were cleared. I know
the brother I had, I know who Edwin
Arrieta was and nothing that man said
at the time made me change
the concept I had of my
brother. I called my parents, my mom cried
and my dad because it's that really, I mean, that's what I
expected. We knew that God at
some point was going to clear
my brother's name and I asked God to
touch the heart of that man so that he would
recognize that what he had
said was a lie. And well, God's timing
is perfect. And thank God,
justice was done. This man recognized
that he had told a lie because they
paid him. And well, uh, waiting for those
media. Because those media that took
that man to Madrid at the time with great
fanfare and gave all the
reality to that news, waiting for those
media to recognize that they were wrong, they
withdraw and apologize, not to the
Arrieta family, they apologize to
my brother Edwin Miguel Arrieta. The
truth is that it is incredible that  Rodolfo
Sancho supposedly tried to
do this. I mean, tremendous, the truth is
that let's see, I understand that you do everything, not the
possible, and everything you have at hand for
your son, but in the end, in the public eye,
it has come out fatally, and not only
Rodolfo, but the media. I think that one
of them was the Son Solle program. It doesn't
sound to me that we were reacting and
that we were watching those videos, not of the
protected witness, not the witness
discovered with his face covered, where they accepted
this testimony as valid without
having absolutely any type of
document. Yes, you are going to file a complaint
against the program, I think that now they are
sisters because how he led, participated, and
united, and everyone who spoke. Everything is super
bad, especially clear, including Dr.
Ervin Arrieta, given that he is a person of
consensus, dialogue, and rapprochement.
When we arrived on the scene in
September, before I'm talking about the year
before the trial, we made a statement
saying that we were here. And from then
on, I did not live, and I think
that the family can corroborate this, they challenge
an attack by the
media in Spain, before that, in
fact, there are episodes of
Nilson on different
television programs that I consider were
totally inappropriate and
out of place to the Reta family who
informed me Darlin is still seeking
compensation for her brother's honor
and has asked me to request
rectifications from the
media that made mistakes in their day
therefore we are going to study the
legal actions that we are going to take if they are going to be
accompanied by a
verbal communication uh burofax or more official before
making any decision I also need
before making uh the determination of what we
are going to do I need to speak
calmly with Darlin to see what it is that we are
looking for and what we would be
satisfied with because uh As you well know
I have a relationship with some of those
media outlets and possibly the
damage they did was more and I say this
truly with sincerity out of recklessness
than out of pain yes it is true that Nilson does not
smell very good to me either but
well in the end he could be a guy that they took
advantage of because they saw the
need on the other hand Carmen
Balfagón came out on my colleague
Laura Rodríguez's Channel and gave an interview
on Laura Rodríguez's Channel that  I will
be recommending that you watch it in
full because the truth is I congratulate
Laura for having achieved this and Carmen
Balfagón completely clears the
Sancho family of this issue and states
that the lawyers were scammed
by this man, this really catches my
attention, that is, how the lawyers
found this man, but as I tell you, I will
not put my hand in the fire on this
occasion, neither on one side nor the other, in
fact, I believe that both parties are
guilty. No, it is true that the
logical thing would be for the Venezuelan to
contact the lawyers or
Rodolfo in some way since he saw that
the case was viral, but it is also true
that they accepted, can you believe
that we, when he says that he scripted
the speech, we can ask him to say
before the Thai court that he
would have done the same thing, murder and
dismember Mr. Rieta, when the
defense has never assumed the facts as they have
been confirmed in the
sentence in Thailand, how are we going to
tell someone who says that he would have also
murdered, it is an attack on
any intelligence, Laura, that is,
We  We ask him to say that he
would have done the same thing, murder. When
we continue to defend
Daniel's innocence in this case as a defendant in
premeditated murder, how are we
going to ask someone to go around
giving that speech? You realize that it does
n't stand up to rigorous analysis, it's because
our code doesn't allow us in
Nicaragua or in Thailand to bring a
false witness. If I'm defending
a person against a violent robbery,
how am I going to ask the false witness to
say that he would have done the same thing as
this man who committed a
violent robbery, we see Nilson's weakness
in what he says. It's absurd to think that
no one is going to script him. He can't have
a script because that script was never made.
Laura, the only thing we ask of him is that he
tell the truth. His truth. Everything he's
said up until now is false. Laura,
in addition, there is one thing that is very clear. Yes, and he is
so honest, so honorable that it goes
against his morals, which seems to be what
we were asking him for. Why doesn't he return
the money that has been sent to him for
all those actions? Why does he hold out until
the last day, that until the last day he
deceives us with a photo saying that  he's
at the airport when he's not
going to board And no and he's not going to return the
money man I think this is about
contrition no Laura nor is he going to return it
I'm convinced and I'm putting you as a
witness Laura because if he returns it you
'll be the first to find out but he's not
going to return it and he knows it He knows
that money and all the money he's collected as a
result of this unfortunate story but the
truth is that he's not going to return it Laura
we've already found out that he has bought
possessions in Lagunillas Of course of course
Laura what Carmen balfagón argues
is that they simply gave him
money for expenses or in other words for the
management expenses related to the
case that were going to be for this
witness now taking into account
that at the time we were looking at how much
money it was and everything that it was and so on I
think it was too much money to
pay a witness's expenses
however now accusations are being made whether it
was a bribe by the Sanchos
or an extortion plotted by Dominguez
something that is still under investigation
these accusations are based on a series
of audios that according to  It is claimed that
they would prove that Sancho offered money to
Dominguez to provide
favorable testimony Dominguez's lawyer
Mileni Gonzalez made
these accusations public in an interview on
the Spanish program Code 10 broadcast on
Channel 4 where she assured that she had all
the necessary documentation to show
that Sancho tried to manipulate the
witness's testimony But hey
family I'll be reading your
comments box Likewise this week
I'm sure I'll have some programs
talking about this topic and I'll break it down a
little more as you like for
now I'll be reading your
comments box do it with a lot of
respect Please I send you a
big hug Thank you very much for having reached
this part of the video on the channel you
have much more content on this
topic and on others like share and
all those things and a kiss family
[Music]
bye i